Revise release note for 6.3.11 (#4427)
apple/foundationdb: documentation/sphinx/source/release-notes/release-notes-630.rst

======
* Added a hint field in the trace event when all replicas of some data are lost. `(PR #4209) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4209>`_
* Rewrote SQLite injected fault handling. `(PR #4212) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4212>`_

> * Add a SevWarnAlways trace line to help diagnose a rare situation that may block excluding a storage server. `(PR #4214) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4214>`_

Reviewer: If you look at past release notes, they typically include only the subset of changes that has an impact on the community. Those items that are included are written so as to describe the impact of the change to the users rather than in terms of implementation details. This helps keep the noise low and hopefully makes it easier for someone to understand what they are getting with a release.

If you look at this change this change and some of the others here (e.g. adding unit test infrastructure, adding debug tools to runtime image, fixing simulation bugs, etc.), these aren't going to be relevant to people downloading and running our software normally. I think these should all be removed from the release notes, at least with respect to the existing document published on the website. If it's desired that we also have a complete change log somewhere, then that might warrant a separate document.

* Make the RocksDB init method idempotent. `(PR #4400) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4400>`_  
* Fix bugs turned up by _GLIBCXX_DEBUG. `(PR #4301) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4301>`_  
* Add New Unit and Integration Tests, and associated infrastructure. `(PR #4366) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4366>`_  

> * * Added transactions.rejected_for_queued_too_long for bookkeeping the number of transactions rejected by commit proxy because its queuing time exceeds MVCC window. `(PR #4353) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4353>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added ``workload.transactions.rejected_for_queued_too_long`` to status to report the number of transaction commits that failed because they were queued too long and could no longer be checked for conflicts. `(PR #4353) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4353>`_
```
